# November 17 Dev Committee Call

Author: Rochelle \
Recorder: Rochelle \
Source: Discord

**Meeting Notes** We discussed technical developments we would like to accomplish by the end of the year. Jesse mentioned three things:&#x20;

**1. HG elections working by new year** -Jesse will set up a meeting with current HG to discuss what the new HG will be like -He will also share an outline of the election process in the âš–hg-election forum&#x20;

**2. Arbitrary Transactions** -Jesse will champion this -What are these? It's most basically described as a lot of multi-sig transactions, but it means that the DAO will have _a lot_ more power.&#x20;

**3. Update DAO interface** -more info/transparency/features -ecosystem page in DAO interface -many tickets will be created in the dev board from this -the entire interface, as well as the proposals page gets a much needed facelift. **make sure to read more on this and post your suggestions in the** ðŸ’¡Ideas for DAO Interface update **forum, please. It takes a village and all that.** There will be another developer meeting in two weeks, and the event is scheduled in the events section in this server. The recording _sort of_ worked, it cut of I think the first 3 minutes and the last few minutes, but it's not missing important stuff.&#x20;

Cheers!

#### Audio:

{% embed url="https://files.effectdao.tools/2022/11/2022-11-17_developer_meeting.mp3" %}
