---
description: >-
  *Assembly AI generated transcripts may not be 100% accurate, listen to video
  for original audio.
---

# July 26th, 2023 DAO Call

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj9wWyyLDjo" %}

## Short Summary

* Kucoin has put EFX into ST (Special Treatment) and will Delist it from Exchanges on July 28th. Afterwards, people have until January 28th, 2024 to withdraw their EFX. Those remaining on the exchange afterwards, will forfeit their EFX to Kucoin. Jesse feels like it was a management decision because the Kucoin represenatives were not very clear on what problem there was with Effect Network.
* Gabbie discusses upcoming hackathons and them being repeatable things. Gabbie is talking with other AI projects and trying to set up collaborations on Hackathons.
* Blackbird.ai will be involved in the upcoming Hackathon.
* Jesse states the team is still fully committed to the project and pledges to communicate more, such as through more blogposts describing current projects.
* Team looking into creating a Python SDK, to facilitate better integration with Machine Learning and AI developers who prefer Python. Goal is to have something available by the end of this year.
* Hackathon postponed slightly, tenatively at September 26th.
* New Dashboard is ready, proposal is out for DAO to confirm the update.
* Jesse Discusses his interview with NovaCrypto.

## Assembly AI Generated Transcript

{% embed url="https://www.assemblyai.com/playground/transcript/6l0626z1u3-147d-4829-bb50-5a6aea201ad4" %}

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Okay, I think we're ready. Maybe.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Yes, we're good to go.

#### David Britt

Okay, great. Indeed. I see the effect. Network bot. Hi, everybody. So today is the 26 July 2023. We'll be having another Dow call today, the bi weekly Dow call of the Effect Network. First off, we'll get started with the agenda. Afterwards, we'll go on to the proposals, and we'll have some space at the end, like for any other topics that we can discuss, such as today's events. But first, let's get started with the agenda. So for today, we have one big agenda item that has several questions in it. I guess let's just start with the first one. The first question is, what can we do to generate new interest into Effect AI? Yeah, this is still a very relevant question. It's important, as always, especially right now. So hi, Gabby, thanks for dropping by. That reminds me, Gabby will also be doing a little presentation or a little update today about what's been going on with marketing and what our marketing plans are. But yeah, what can we do to generate new interest into Effect AI?

#### Jesse Eisses

That's the question. Yeah, it's a great question. Of course, this question could be on the agenda every Dow call, but it's good that someone put it out there because especially now, I think it's incredibly important we get people interested and get more attention on the project. So, yeah, it's good. We should all like, this should be the priority of what we're building and doing right now, is to get more attention to our product. We need it for all kinds of reasons. We need it for token health, we need it for workers and requesters on the platform. And it has been too silent and we have not had enough attention and interest and new inflow of talent into the project for some time. So especially with today's events of, like, Kucoin and Nansik, they're delisting us, which is very unfortunate. And yeah, it just means we need to pay really good attention to these parts because there's so many things that we're doing right now that are really we're building some incredible things that will work out. Like, if we do proper marketing and we build things out and we communicate well, we can 100% surely create the traction again and make sure that we reach that right. So, yeah, it should be a real point of focus to give a few points on how I think that should work. Of course, I think we should all like, if people have ideas, then let's all contribute as well. But for now, we really need to get more users and other projects from other ecosystems to use our product. I think we have a really powerful solution for people to use, especially within the AI space, across different ecosystems, not only within the EOS or Web three ecosystems, but across different ecosystems. People can really tap into our solution and use all the web three benefits and the decentralization that people are attracted to in the space. So we need to position ourselves, right? And right now, we're working like I'm working together with some of the team members writing out a detailed, really big blog post on the things we're building currently to make sure we communicate it properly because there's a lot going on. Some things are longer term, some things are shorter term, but we want to make sure we communicate everything clearly and make sure we can tap into other ecosystems where possible. We're going to write out the sort of bigger things for building in a blog post. Like I said, some of them will be like, worker onboarding, making sure we have mobile applications and proper user interfaces for workers to easily onboard into the platform and use our product from different ecosystems. But even a more important side would be where we integrate with other projects. For example, projects like Ocean Protocol or creating a Python SDK and tapping into the machine learning ecosystems and promoting our product there. I think those are the places where we can really get attention to our product. So we have a few products that are specifically aimed at achieving that which should get the highest priority to make sure we get new attention and influx into the product.

#### David Britt

Indeed. Indeed. One other project that we're busy with at the moment is the Leon integration. Leon has expressed interest that they need data labeling for their data sets, and we've been creating a tool and experimenting a little bit with the tools that they use for data labeling and trying to integrate that into the Effect Network platform. So that's also an ongoing project at the moment in order to integrate the machine learning community a bit more into what we're doing here.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I also want to stress, too, that it's not just those of us Dow members who are team members that are tasked with doing the marketing and the outreach. It takes all of us to promote our project. DJ is a great example of this. He reaches out to places that he sees when he's online and is like, hey, you should check out Effect Network. He invites people into our servers. He invites people to connect with us. He sets up chats, group chats with us and these people he's outreaching to make things happen. And any one of us can do this. So it's not just on Gabby or Jesse or me or anybody else on the team to make these things happen. DJ is proof positive that anyone in the Dow or even just a non Dow member, anyone in our community can do these things to help promote interest. Because when we get DApps and companies using our network, it just makes our project grow and it makes us stronger. So I just wanted to put it out there.

#### David Britt

Of course, anybody's welcome to join the stage and also give input so if anybody has any ideas, any new ideas on how we can generate new interest, we're all ears.

#### Jesse Eisses

Maybe just to touch on the marketing. Gabby is here, but I just felt like marketing efforts are also really important here, so we need to image and make sure we present ourselves in a way that's exciting and that wants people to join us. And we're taking the right steps already, but I think there's many opportunities and cool things we're already setting up or doing to make that happen. For example, we're going to do a series of hackathons again this year, which is a very good way to attract developers and attention from the Dev community and AI community onto the project. Doing more interviews and videos and interactions with different ecosystems is important. I did a video, it just got released, but with someone from the EOS ecosystem, Nova Crypto, just an interview about the project. But there's many more opportunities like that around, so we're going to actively see if we can also do these kinds of video interviews, AMA type content across different ecosystems to talk about Effect Network and make sure we get new people aware of the project that there's. And there's many more things happening. We do Twitter Spaces that Gabi has been setting up as well, which are really interesting. I'm really happy to do them, but it connects us with also many projects in the space. So this is something we're going to grow out as well. And there's more content like I think we should produce. For example, AI related blog posts is something that we're going to experiment with. If we can create really hands on AI blog posts that use the Effect Network to integrate into existing technology, I think these are channels we're going to exploit an experiment with to make sure we get more attention from different angles. Gabby, welcome on stage. Thank you.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Hi everybody. I was just reading the discussion points on the agenda and, well, I think pretty much they're all related to what you were just mentioning, Jesse. So yeah, those are the two big things that are happening right now on the marketing side, which is the upcoming hackathon, but just not this one. Also, we have created a way to structure them and to make it such a big deal to throw a new one so that we could do it easily and in a good way. So we got that going on. And what is very connected to it is the Twitter Spaces podcast series that you all have heard of. We've had it since January and it's connected because it has opened us a lot of doors with a lot of projects. And even though there aren't any partnerships for them to use the products, we have a partnership with them in the sense that we are still collaborating. We are keeping in touch with all of them for this. The upcoming hackathon, it's not fully confirmed yet, but it's a very exciting partnership that we're trying to lock and it's with Ocean Protocol. We kept the conversation going with them. We are in stages of discussing how submissions can be connected to them, price pool and all of these details. Prior to that we were talking about it also with Ori Chain Lab US. They were very interested also in joining us. But there was a little problem with the app they wanted to use for the hackathon. So we're going to keep that there for another hackathon. Also on the series we have Fetch AI coming up. We don't have a confirmed date yet, but we are confirmed for them to join one of the spaces. So that's pretty big too. That's a really nice project also to have with us. The upcoming one is going to be with Blackbird AI. So what we're doing is we are talking to these projects. We are creating relationships with them. We are keeping those relationships through Telegram. I keep in touch with all of them at all times since the one we had in January. We still have contact with them. We have the transcriptions going on and then those are the two big things going on. And I guess on the side what.

#### Jesse Eisses

I'm doing as always is I'm always.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Trying to reach out to projects that might use the DApps that we have already working on the ecosystem. 1 second.

#### Jesse Eisses

Sorry.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

For example, there is this huge company here in Amsterdam. It's called vintage. I don't know if you've heard of it, but it's this buy and sell.

#### Jesse Eisses

Used clothes, furniture and stuff.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

So they have very bad metadata for their images.

#### Jesse Eisses

So it's like impossible to find, I.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Don'T know, like a red dress that.

#### Jesse Eisses

Has stars in it.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

So I texted them, I got a response back. We're talking a little bit, but this is a process that I've been doing.

#### Jesse Eisses

And repeating and I guess it's hard to onboard projects.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

That are not in Web Three into a Web three space. And also with the development that we.

#### Jesse Eisses

Got going on, I guess it's not.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

As easy as it sounds, but it's there, it's happening. I'm doing it. I'm also following up with everything that DJ suggests at all times.

#### Jesse Eisses

So I'm super open to anybody.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Also if you know of companies that could use it, I guess this is what the community what we are all here for.

#### Jesse Eisses

So yeah, I guess that's what I.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Can say that's going on right now.

#### Jesse Eisses

Don't know if there's any questions, suggestions.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

I'm open to anything. I'll be joining these calls much more often so we can have direct talk.

#### Jesse Eisses

Can anybody let me know if you.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Hear me because I don't know if.

#### Jesse Eisses

I'm just having my yes, perfectly clear.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

You just had all of our full.

#### Jesse Eisses

Right. Good.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

So yeah, I guess that's pretty much the update that I can give so far.

#### David Britt

Thank you Gabi. Thanks for the update. I can imagine there's a lot of work that goes into it that doesn't get appreciated. And you also don't showcase all of the times that you need to repeat yourself in order to get a connection going, or the times that you get a refusal and that doesn't get shown.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Yeah, you live in the world of rejection when you're trying to onboard someone, but sometimes it happens and that's a good thing. So just keep it going.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Thanks for the excellent update. I think you really filled everyone in on the things that are going on behind the scenes that you're doing that they just don't see or hear, and then they think, oh, nothing's happening, and that could not be further from the.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

It'S a lot of relationship also kind.

#### Jesse Eisses

Of PR thing going. I see, I see Ellen's question in the chat that we need more partnerships and depths to get traction and yeah, just reading the chat here that I didn't see, it was there, but yeah, good point. So partnerships should be an important part. Like, when Kraft, heims was on the platform, there was like a massive deal where there was big traction and a lot of stuff happening on the platform. So partnerships like that should be really important. Gabe, you mentioned vintage, that's news for me, but that sounds like a perfect plan. So we'd love to also discuss it with you, but you brought many more possible partnerships or potential clients for data annotations, so this is definitely one of the priorities for us now as we have a working product we should integrate, like, we should work on that side of partnerships more and more now. Yeah, that was a good point, Ellen. That's very true. Yeah.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

And I think there's two kinds of partnerships because we also have these projects that are joining us in the spaces and then doing a little bit of noise about us and that we keep the conversation going. And even though they're not directly using any of the DApps yet, we have that relationship there. So in the future, new DApps come into the ecosystem that they might be able to use. We're there, we're in their minds, we already know them. The conversation is open. So I think that's that's something important too, that we have right now, and.

#### Jesse Eisses

Maybe we didn't have it six months ago.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

So.

#### David Britt

Um.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I see a message that came in the chat just now and.

#### Jesse Eisses

It is from where'd it go? Is there a reason we aren't on TikTok from Rob?

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I think that has to do with the audience on TikTok.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Yeah. I also see vintage big in the UK here in the Netherlands. It's huge too, and I'm a very happy user. But they need better data annotation, so hopefully something might come out of there. I don't want to get anything we.

#### David Britt

Need to produce to be able to be on TikTok.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Yeah, about TikTok, we used to be on Facebook. We used to be on Instagram and we've always been on Twitter and we know the interaction and the audience that is there, it just wasn't working for us. TikTok is very similar to Instagram. It's even for a younger crowd. So our audience right now is on Twitter and that's what's been working for us. I don't have anything closed for in the future. Doors are always open. Threads is coming up too, so I think that would be something much more.

#### Jesse Eisses

Appropriate for the project than TikTok. But yeah, that's pretty much why.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Of course, we always have our eyes on the decentralized Web three social media platforms too, but they're still in their infancy.

#### David Britt

So Alan also asked a question about where is Lawrence? I think that kind of keys in well into the next question on the agenda, which is, my apologies, is the team still fully behind this project? So indeed we are. Everyone here is part of the core team and we are busy on the project, mostly part time. And Lawrence has recently started a family, so that has been the main reason why he hasn't been available anymore, just due to his priorities changing a bit and being more involved with his new family instead of being involved with this.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, we're fully behind the project. We're all working really hard on this and we actually had a team meeting yesterday where we where we kind of said we're too silent, like there's not enough updates coming out. We're working a lot, doing a lot, but there is not much coming out. Like updates, community updates, even like the software we're building right now, we're not communicating well enough. So we're going to be way more communicative again and make sure we do weekly updates to everyone on the development updates and also make sure we keep everyone in the loop because we know it's really important and we had a time before where we were not communicating well enough, especially now, it's really important. We want everyone to sort of and also be able to pitch in direction we're taking. But yeah, we're all working really hard. We're about to publish a blog post later at the end of the week, like detailing all sort of the upcoming things we're building and what they look like and the structure of all the projects that are currently being developed and pursued. So I think it will give a lot of clarity on what's going on right now and where we're heading, which there's some exciting things there. Great.

#### David Britt

Thanks, Jesse. The next question is, as we have a fully working product, who is employed to get word out there. As Gabi already mentioned, she's been in charge of that. The next one, AI, is the buzword. Are we going to miss the boat?

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

We're in it. So I don't think that we're not in the boat because ICSS in the boat.

#### Jesse Eisses

I would like to add a few things as well. So I have a background in AI and what's happening right now in the AI space is very interesting and the current times are extremely exciting in the AI space. And we are an AI project. Over the six, seven years that we've been building, we had a few other turns that we took, but we've always been like the core of it has always been around AI and we definitely don't want to miss the boat. But I think especially now if we see what's happening within AI, if you look at what people are building every week, there's new libraries coming out, like Llama Index. There is all these new Llama and Alpaca which are open source language models. Sorry if that's not everyone knows that, but these are like open source versions of Chatgpt that the open source community is actively working on and they're building new updates of these every few weeks. So I think we are missing out on the big potential of getting partnerships there because right now our product is a bit too hard to use for them. They're used to having a Python coding environment where they do their data science and they import their Pandas library and they import some other data science libraries and then they just want to interact with data. And right now, one of the experiment projects that we're currently building that we'll talk more about later this week in the blog post, but we're looking into creating a Python SDK so the AI community can directly call annotated data sets and get them from within their coding environment. Like no need to go to App Effect network and that doesn't work for just it's too foreign. So I think there's a lot of things we can do to really be an important piece of the puzzle when it comes to AI, and especially AI when it's like the open source AI communities is. I think, where we fit in perfectly because we're an open source, community based workers are all like, it's clear that we're not like Amazon Mechanical Turk where you buy data from sweathhouses somewhere in low paying countries. This is really a decentralized network where open source communities they really care about. Yeah, it's important we do get more in touch with the AI building community and I think these are the things we really have to put our shoulders behind and make work and also get to be well known within the ecosystems. A good example is lion. So lion, this came from an introduction by DJ actually, because he was in the discord of lion and people were talking about data. He said, hey, we have this open data annotation platform. So there was a lot of interest straight off the bat and I think there's way more potential there, but we've been working with them. David has been building a solution for Label books, which is an environment where you can do data annotations and he's been hooking that up to affect network. So if this works out. We ran into technical issues and it's been taking a bit longer than expected. But if this works out, there is a big potential that we can annotate some really big data sets for the data science community. And if we do that a few times, we have great showcases and we can really expand to other communities. Yeah.

#### David Britt

Thanks, Jesse. I would also like to add that indeed, I do think we did kind of miss the boat with the AI tags on CoinMarketCap and CoinGecko. We did try to get those tags for our project, but they didn't want to recognize us as an AI crypto project. Hopefully with these new pushes and these new partnerships, it will solidify our presence within this space and solidify us as an AI project with those particular aggregators.

#### Jesse Eisses

We have it on CoinMarketCap, the AI tech. It's just that CoinGecko, for really unknown reasons, they removed it and they've been very mysterious about putting it back. So I'm not sure why, and we've sent them all the evidence, but they're kind of mysterious on the reason why they put it back.

#### David Britt

Okay, hopefully we'll try again in the future. The next question is what has happened to Kraft Hines? Has all their work been done? We were led to believe there was the potential for lots of work. Yeah.

#### Jesse Eisses

Sorry, I can answer this one. Yeah, Dubai's potential for more work for Prof. Heinz. We've done a lot of assignments, like a lot, and we were expecting to do more, but so far this hasn't come through. Like every year, these big companies, they do their selection of vendors and for translations and stuff. What we did for Kraft Heinz was translating a lot of their materials from scratch, which was a really big assignment. And after that was done, we have still connections with them. So there is potential that they and we're in their short list of translation suppliers, but we did not get any big assignments from them afterwards. Also, these assignments, they have been in the past, pretty distractive to building out the network because translations are a very tricky subject to deliver. Quality requires an immense amount of supervision and project management. It's not just data science. This is like a proper you need to have HR and management and there was a lot of work going into that that deviates from what we do as a core technology in the platform. So one thing that we didn't do as a team was take on smaller translation assignments from anyone, because it's just the overhead is way bigger than what we get out of it as a platform when it comes to micro tasks and product development. It's just a big amount of overhead. And yeah. So only for a really big assignment, it would be worth it for us to take that on as a team. Also, with the platform right now, translations are just like I said, it's not the right fit for our platform, in my opinion. I think AI is now the real big focus, and I think this ecosystem is changing so fast that we've sort of put translations on a lower priority list compared to artificial intelligence. When you look at artificial intelligence, the innovation on even the area of translation means that this entire space is going to change really quick and we should really focus on maybe integrating. If we do another translation kind of surface on our platform or there is an opportunity that we want to pursue, I think it should be really focused on AI, where the AI does the translation and we sort of do the human in the loop and also maybe connect the AI. And the human in the loop to create an end to end pipeline. But that's why we currently don't have.

#### David Britt

Any test lines coming into.

#### Jesse Eisses

The fit. Just isn't there at the moment.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

You have to look at what that product was and to speak in the most general terms, a manufacturing company has operations manuals that they have and they get them translated. Now they're going to use that operations management manual for years. It's nothing that's going to be constantly updated or changed or redone. So it's almost like translating a book.

#### Jesse Eisses

You translate a book once, there's no.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

More translations to do unless there's a new book. So unless there's new manuals that they want to get done from scratch, there's really nothing for them to do. But what Jesse said, the overhead AI has gotten really good at translations. However, when it comes to technical things and niche sectors, these different areas are going to have their own terminologies and things that are used a certain way or words that are specifically used by a company in a certain way. So while AI is really good at translating right now, what I see happening is people are going to use AI to do initial translations and then they're going to need humans in the loop to change the AI's translations to be fitting and more personalized to the sector or the company or the specific subject. So it sounds true and coherent. So that's where I see translations shifting, if that makes any sense.

#### David Britt

Thank you, Jesse and Rochelle for your answers. Next question is, is anyone approaching companies outside of crypto to try and sell the product? Gabby has already mentioned that the price of AI has suffered relative to many other projects because we are reluctant to shill. Why not do what other projects do and shill a bit, improve the price of EFX and put us in a stronger position when we look to run hackathons, et cetera. Personally, I do feel a bit reluctant to shill, especially being a bit more of an AI software focused project. I've noticed that many developers are reluctant when a project is shilling and instead of being more grounded in the technology that's being developed. So that's my personal view on why we don't Shill as much. I'm not sure what your views are on this, Jesse or Rochelle or Gabi.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Well, when they say Shilling, I think of the people who are like, Shilling tokens, like when a token sale is going know and all the moon and the crypto moon boy speak and all that hype, and if that's what this person was meaning by Shill our project, I think we've outgrown that. We're not a brand new startup trying to raise capital and trying to get token holders and things. In that respect, I think we're serious. We have a working product and our focus is building the product and building our community. But that's just my thought on it and my impressions.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, I agree too. Shilling is like I think it's just a bad practice in general. So I don't like projects that do that too much. But especially when you look at the bear market. If you don't chill in the bear market, that doesn't work right. Like in the bear market, we should be focusing on creating good partnerships, traction on the platform, building and communicating and showing we're a professional company, building great services in an open, transparent, decentralized way that AI industry can tap into. I think that's sort of the opposite of what is suggested with Shilling. And I think that's what we really need to succeed at, to succeed as a project in the coming to be a massive, well incorporated AI system in ten years from now, where everyone taps into for their human in the loop data as AI is spreading across the globe. Shilling doesn't get you there. It's really like creating partnerships, creating traction and building this product out in a way that works well. So I think the topics we discussed before how do we find clients outside of Web Three and how do we make partnerships, and I think these things are first of all, they will have a way better impact on the token health than Shilling, but also they're way more sustainable and important and real for us to achieve. Yeah, so those are my thoughts on that.

#### David Britt

Thanks. Thank you, Jesse. Thank you, Rochelle. And thank you to whoever it was that submitted those questions. There are two other questions, one from Roddy Effects and one from Leholmi. Rod is asking how long would the Python SDK take to complete? I'm thinking upwards of three months is my initial estimate.

#### Jesse Eisses

I am way more optimistic, but maybe not realistic. It's hard to put a date on it. I think the way we're going to work now is that we're doing experiments of technology that we want to try out. So ideally, we iterate on a piece of technology in four weeks to get a version out of there. So that's what we are aiming for with Python SDK as well. But that means that it's sort of in an early stage where we're going to try it out with projects. Hopefully. In the form of a partnership or an integration. Or we write a tutorial on how to create a data pipeline using Python and effect network that's more targeted toward external communities that already use that specific technology. In this case Python and data science tool sets. But yeah, I would say in the range of one to three months is like the big range that we're putting out there. And what we're really working on right now is to work very much transparent. So we will be doing like weekly or biweekly updates on the progress we've made and it's not like you won't hear anything and in three months it's done that's. Also I think what can create disappointment because the product might not work well or you might not have tested it well with the users that are actually programming in Python. So we will iterate in smaller loops and make sure people can already play around with the SDK before it's properly finished, which would take way more time.

#### David Britt

Yeah, indeed, I think it might take a little bit shorter just because we have the JavaScript SDK and we can use that as inspiration for how we should structure out the Python SDK.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, for the Python SDK won't get too technical, but it looks a lot like the TypeScript SDK and Python is not the hardest language to create things for, to create libraries for. It's mainly that there is no EOS isn't very big on Python. There is a few people that wrote libraries to work with EOS on Python and we need to do encoding and decoding of the data structures that are on the EOS blockchain and transactions. So there will be some trickiness in getting that right. But there are EOS Python libraries we can already use for that. So hopefully it won't be too intimidating.

#### David Britt

It does seem like Antelope has client for Python, but yeah, we can discuss that a bit further. The Holdme asked when hackathon?

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, good question. We were aiming for August. It's looking like we're going to postpone it a little bit to start because we're just already a little bit behind and we don't want to rush into it. But also there is a partnership for the hackathon that we really want to pursue. I don't know if we already mentioned this, but it's just a partnership that would make a lot of sense and I think would get a lot of traction for the hackathon. So that's why we're probably going to postpone it a bit because if we get the partnership working, gabi has been actively working on that with another project that's very relevant to us around data sets. So it would mean we would get a way more beneficial hackathon. I think currently our aim is beginning of September, if I remember correctly.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

September.

#### David Britt

End of September.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Yeah. So the tentative date is on the 26 September. We are waiting for confirmation for the partnership for the hackathon. So we can already start announcing it and all of it, but marketing materials are pretty much ready.

#### Jesse Eisses

We are ready to start putting it out there.

#### Gabrielle Ponce

Just need this confirmation. But yes, tentative date would be September 26.

#### David Britt

Last but not least, Rod also had another interesting question. You mentioned jesse, you mentioned wanting to do a proposal for a swap in your latest interview. Could you expand on that?

#### Jesse Eisses

For a swap? I'm trying to remember what this was about exactly. It was a swap for I remember talking about potentially launching a fact network on other EOS based chains like Wax or Telos because Novak Crypto, he's been working a lot also with communities on those chains. So for us it would be very simple to do because it's the identical technology. So it would just mean deploying there. So if there is a good reason to do it, we could but I think swaps this is an interesting topic. This is actually one of the things where we have like as an experiment on our work log now is to swap EFX in the background for EOS or USDT while working on the platform or as a requester. So you can basically to build that into the SDK where you automatically convert from EFX to the currency you would like to receive or to use. I've discussed this with Dafit actually this morning. We had a call to go over that. Dafit also suggested it. It would be a really nice thing to have, especially now with Kucoin disappearing as an option for trading tokens which we need to find a solution to this. Like we need to find a good way for people to find liquidity to onboard and to affect network, especially as EOS is not the most user friendly chain. We need to find a solution to the issue. But easily swapping from EFX to other currencies like USDT or EOS within the SDK and within the network seems like a very convenient thing because if you can easily swap, for example, to USDT or EOS tokens, then for workers or for requesters that want to post desk. They don't need to take that step to go to DeFi box or new decks or bridge tokens to get EFX. It would be sort of transparent for them. It will go without too much effort. I think that's what you mentioned wrote, but maybe if I misunderstood, let me know.

#### David Britt

Great, that's fantastic. So those were all of the questions, all of the agenda items. Is there anything else anybody wants to discuss? I've submitted one proposal that I've assigned to the next cycle. We've been working on the Dow recently, just giving it a little bit of a facelift and I've created a proposal for upgrading the front end. So yeah, please do go take a look at it. In the proposal you'll be able to find the link as well to the news version of the proposed Dow, which will implement profile pictures and some improved information. Overview and just making the Dow a bit more easy to use to invite people to come to the Dow calls a bit more and have updated network statistics about what's happening and just to make it a bit more nice for new users and existing users. And besides that, I think I would like to open up the floor for anybody else, for the audience, for any comments and or questions.

#### Jesse Eisses

We covered a lot.

#### David Britt

Hey, Brie.

#### Bree

I don't really have anything right now. There's a lot going know from sitting on the sidelines more this month or maybe it's been two months. I'm not sure. My time is just flying by. It doesn't feel like there's a lot going on. So it's nice to hear that there's still partnerships that are in discussion and things that we're not seeing. I agree. I wanted to say about the Shilling, I know there's people who don't always agree with how I think, but I don't see any point in Shilling anything in a bear market. It makes no sense. I'm not worried about Kucoin. People who really want EFX will find it, and if we ever hit a bull market anytime soon, which I don't think it'll be anytime soon, we can find a solution at that point. Anyway, I just want to say hello to everybody. And I know it feels like I've kind of stepped back, but it's more like I'm just taking care of some health issues and I've had company and friends over and stuff. And good job to everybody. Keep it up, be more vocal, and congratulations to Lawrence on his family, but it would still be nice to see his face on occasion.

#### Jesse Eisses

Okay.

#### Bree

That's it, I think.

#### Jesse Eisses

Thanks, Brie. It's great to have you here. Thanks for the input. Totally agree with what you're saying. And good to see you again.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I see DJ popped in.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

Hey, everyone. Sorry for being late. The Internet is really spotty today. Out of all days. Really?

#### Jesse Eisses

That happened to be today.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

Hopefully the recording going.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Yeah, so far it's going, so I hope it stays. So keep your fingers crossed.

#### Jesse Eisses

All right?

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

Yeah, I missed most of this, so I'll be listening to recording. Hopefully it's, I guess a real Rousing speech on how we can be positive with the whole Kucoin situation, though, I guess one positive thing to think about is I know, Deep brainchain. Another AI token was delisted from Kucoin a long time ago as well, but they actually still managed to prosper during this recent AI burst of enthusiasm. So really, their example kind of shows that really you just have to keep at it and still focus on improving a platform so that something exists and is usable. So, yeah, I did hear a little bit how you talked with Nova Crypto. I still need to watch that interview, but yeah, I think at this point we really have to focus on completely embracing the EOS community because I think they will be the best source of support for us in continuing the vision on making the Effect Network a really useful platform for people to.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, we're on EOS, and there is a good ecosystem here, so we'll be focusing we're going to double down on the EOS ecosystem and participate more in all the things that are going on. Yeah, that's a really good point, DJ. You've been really leading the way and connecting with a lot of projects, and it's great to see that even the Nova Crypto interview was because she listed us on the EOS Den or EOS De platform, which is nice. We're like the top project there, which I only saw it yesterday, but it was a great interview. But I'm excited and really open and supportive to do more of these interactions, work together with more projects, open up the conversation, and make sure as a community, like in the EOS ecosystem, that we're also helping out and working together with teresa, you missed a few things. We covered quite a bit in the call. We went over some roadmap type things and python SDK so you should definitely listen to the recording.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

Python SDK so that sounds good.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I'm scared that the recording is going to cut off and not happen if it's more than an hour long, so I'm going to go ahead and stop it for now since we mostly covered everything.

#### Jesse Eisses

If that's okay, everyone, we can still.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Keep going in the meeting. I'm just going to stop this.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, I'll save the recording. That sounds like a good plan.

#### David Britt

Within your notebook, and then slowly but surely, you can kind of see your submission results trickling in. It sounds like it'll be quite useful.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

How about Label Studio? How's the progress on that? Did you cover that.

#### David Britt

A little bit? So I have been working on it. I didn't manage to make a lot of progress in the last week, but slowly but surely it's coming along. We've identified a couple of problems that really make it clear that, okay, we need these features in order to make it a bit better. Users are kind of scamming the tasks, and so we've been working on a way of making validation a bit better. So that's the main stumbling block right now. But besides that, I'm really loving Label Studio and I want to offer up a whole array of different templates using Label Studio as campaigns that affect network controls and administers provides them to other data scientists to work with, to submit tasks to.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I want to clarify one point, though, with those, we've run experiments with unvetted workers and then a small group of workers we know don't scam tasks. And the experiment we ran where it required no qualifications, any worker was able to jump in the campaign, those ones got scammed. But the experiments we ran with just a few certain worker IDs added that could access it. Those normal workers did not scam the task. So when we get all of the validation and features set out to work with this template, we'll also be publishing a qualifier test that will let workers demonstrate they know how to accurately draw bounding boxes, put in the text correctly and things like that and whatnot. So yeah, I don't want people to think that the workforce is just all scammers. It's certain things that make a campaign successful. So we've been testing out every avenue while we're building this.

#### Jesse Eisses

So sorry.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Yeah, just want to point that out.

#### David Britt

Thanks for the input. Rauld also mentioned he missed the conversation about the delisting on Kucoin and if you could elaborate a bit more on that, Jesse.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, of course we covered it a little bit in the call, but of course it's the most important news of the day. We were really surprised that this happened. We've had a good relationship with them. I think Token performance was quite good. We've been on their exchange for a long time, but they were really decisive in their decision to delist us. We can only speculate, I think, on their real motives. I personally think they're just delisting a lot of smaller projects for maybe whatever reasons they have, but just by market cap there, it feels like they're just delisting tons of projects. Yeah, there's nothing we can do. I really tried, talked with their team a lot and tried to figure out the exact reasoning or process here, but it seems very management decided to do this and that's sort of the reasoning behind it that we got. So of course in the beginning I was pretty upset about it, obviously, because it's an important piece of our ecosystem for new users to come on board and to get traction and it plays an important role. But yeah, they're a centralized exchange, they can do what they want. They are exercising a lot of their power. Of course, every funds that are under exchange are in their control. So there is downsides to being dependent on such a large exchange as a decentralized project. But anyways, we will have to move on. We will have to find alternatives to onboard users to provide enough liquidity to everyone. And it's definitely not the end to us. It's a quite big inconvenience.

#### David Britt

Definitely.

#### Jesse Eisses

Like if you look at token price and liquidity, it will take a hit, especially today. It has, which makes sense. A lot of people have Tokens on EFX, tokens on Kucoin that they do not have convenient ways to hold them because they don't have an EOS account or a place a wallet to put them safely, which is hard. So we will support anyone that needs to get aid with setting up a safe EOS wallet. Or if we were thinking to maybe supply free wallets for people that need it so they can easily offboard. So we're offering support there. Of course, Kucoin has also said they will provide endful of times, I think six months, but we will release like, an official statement about this. But for people to withdraw their funds, it's really important everyone does that so they don't end up being claimed by Kucoin. Other than that, I think, yeah, all we can do is now look for new places to find convenience in trading the token for users.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

And then Kucoin claims it.

#### Jesse Eisses

I think that's how it goes, yeah. It's very ugly business.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

The last time I checked before this situation, I think Kucoin had like about 110,000,000 EFX total on their platform. And so, knowing most people, I imagine many people are just holding EFX on there and completely forgotten about it. And so I wonder if they're just going to seize at least 10%, 20% of all EFX doing this. It's pretty outrageous, in my opinion.

#### Jesse Eisses

It is outrageous, but I think that's how it goes. So we put a lot of effort in making sure people withdraw from there in time. It's really important. That's a lot of EFX. Yeah. So we need to make sure people withdraw. We were once on Bidesk Exchange as well, and something similar happened. They just basically went broke, I think, and they stole a whole lot of EFX in that process and it was also really bad. And this is on a way larger scale, obviously it's not the same, but we should really try to get people to encourage them to put it on a wallet, like, as soon as possible. So we will really try to reach out and communicate clearly on all channels and actively reach out to all users to make sure they know to withdraw their funds in six months, as soon as possible, obviously. Yeah. That being said, this is what it is, right. We cannot change this right now. And you can find good alternatives. Delisting is not the end. Like, Kucoin is not the final destination. It's just a means to an end that we've enjoyed using for a while. And now we will need to find other ways to get to where we need to go at the time. For right now, I think we want to strengthen our position in the taxes that we have, encourage people to take self custody of their tokens, and in the meantime, we'll work towards a new road upwards and more convenience for everyone to trade tokens again. Are there team tokens on Kucoin that can be removed if there's team tokens on Kucoin? As far as I'm aware, there is not, but no.

#### Bree

So that amount of EFX that's on Kucoin, that will be all individual users then?

#### Jesse Eisses

Well, there is, yeah, individual users. I'm not sure how many tokens because the market making company, they do have tokens on there that they have. I think they loaned that or something. I'll look into it. It's not like 110,000,000 is a lot of tokens. There's definitely a lot of user funds in there, so I think over the coming days, we will see how many tokens will be left there. I guess we can see that in a wallet, right, Vijay? There's just the Kucoin EOS wallet that has these tokens. Yeah, we'll keep a close eye on how much remains to be sure. It's not too much.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

They have a hot wallet and a cold wallet for EOS. So if you combine the two values, that's where I got my number.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, so that's a lot. We'll put all the effort we can to make sure people know it because we don't want this to end up with Kucoin.

#### Bree

If Kucoin ends up with them.

#### Jesse Eisses

Are.

#### Bree

They claimed theirs that they can then use them, or are they wiped out like burned?

#### David Britt

They're as vague as always about what their intentions will be.

#### Jesse Eisses

Look at the chat.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

They deem that the user has given up the funds and will have no rights to claim them back or any other equally valued products from Kucoin. So they just keep them. It's right on their page when they're announced.

#### Bree

Oh, yeah, I understand they keep them. I'm wondering what they do with them after they keep them.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

They probably don't care right now too much about it. But they would still store it in their wallet. They have no sense to burn it.

#### Jesse Eisses

No.

#### Bree

So at some point, those tokens could still reenter market.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, possibly. We don't know what they will do, but just speculating is my thoughts. They will just liquidate it at some point when they get in trouble or when they need whatever, they would at some point liquidate it, most likely. And it's a centralized exchange. So we've seen the biggest centralized exchanges getting in trouble and falling over, so anything is possible in that regard.

#### David Britt

Is there anything else that we would like to talk about? Comments or questions?

#### Jesse Eisses

Not from my side. I think we covered a lot, but if anyone has some questions, then I'll stick around.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

As Lenny mentioned earlier, Eden EOS, were you able to talk about during that interview with Nova Crypto?

#### Jesse Eisses

Yes, I think we didn't really cover Eden on EOS, but he mentioned it and I was quite interested. I must admit that I'm not too active or familiar with Eden on EOS, but I heard they might be able to maybe I have the wrong impression, but they might be able to be supportive of a hackathon we're hosting or things like that. So they might be able to promote or go if it's supporting the EOS ecosystem. If there's a focus on that element, we might be able to collaborate. But it's on my short list now to at least become more familiar with Eden on EOS. So if you guys have any input on how we can work together or what we can do to.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

Yeah, Lenny here was a chief delegate, is very active there. But yeah, in a nutshell, they basically have this voting process where a bunch of people, four at a time, vote their favorite person up a level until you get the chief delegates, which is, I think, two levels. And those people run like, a treasury of EOS that runs on donations. And then, yeah, lately they've been working on deciding what their vision should be for the future. And part of that vision, I think, is enhancing utilization of the Go. And part of that, I think they wanted to look into projects on EOS and invest in them, potentially. I'm not sure on that part, but I do know for sure that they're interested kind of in building more applications and stuff like that. So with hackathons, I think there's definitely a bunch of potential synergy. So that's why I've been mentioning it. It's still, I think, in the process, I don't think it's actually been completely hashed out, but like, as Lenny said, I think it's definitely important to kind of start following them to see if they could be a potential collaborator and affect hackathons.

#### Jesse Eisses

Yeah, that was what I was thinking. So we'll definitely pursue it and see if that works out because we would love to make hackathons also contribute to the EOS ecosystem. And of course, it could be a really good match. So we'll definitely explore this more.

#### David Britt

Well, everybody, with that, I would like to close the Dow Call for today. As Jesse mentioned, we've covered a lot of ground and I hope everything is clear and that we're all still here and we're still behind the project and we're still moving forward even though we've had a setback today. But thank you all for showing up. It's nice to see so many new faces and old faces coming back. I think it's been a while since we've had such a large audience or so many people in the Dow call. It feels invigorating. Thank you very much, and I wish everybody a good day or a good night, wherever you are.

#### Jesse Eisses

Bye.

#### David Britt

Thanks.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

David and Rochelle, are you able to upload the recording?

#### Jesse Eisses

Yep.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

I'll get it right over to you quickly.

#### Jesse Eisses

Great.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

And then I'll continue my usual process then.

#### Jesse Eisses

Perfect.

#### Rochelle Trevarrow

Sounds good.

#### DJSTRIKANOVA

Bye, everyone.

#### Jesse Eisses

Amazing. Thanks, everyone. See you next time. Thank you. Bye.
